
We can expect "language team" to include computational and phonetic
skills, but not specifically speech tech skills.

Adapting the transcriber to the language is a one-time task performed
by the language team, not by ultimate end user.

Epitran consists of preprocessing rules Pre, mapping rules M, and
postprocessing rules Post.

We can expect the language team to write Pre.

We can provide a generic set of M, constructed from the tables that
Antonis has.

Let's put Post aside for now.

We also assume that the language team compiles a wordlist V.
Define V' = Pre(V).

A mapping rule example: chs -> ks (German).
 - epitran-master/epitran/data/map/deu-Latn-np.csv

Let G be the grapheme sequence, P is the "canonical pronunciation"
phonetic sequence.  A is the output of AM.

A bead is one of:
 - a mapping element M, taking sequence to sequence: G -> P
   plus replacements R: p -> f
 - an insertion 0 -> f
 - a deletion g -> 0

Transition costs from bead to bead: LM.

Use V' to produce the LM.

Bead is state.  Emission cost is cost of M + costs of R's.

Parameters:
 - Pre - provided by language team
 - M - generic one provided, may be edited by language team
 - I - insertions
 - D - deletions
 - R - replacements
 - LM
 - V - vocabulary, used to generate LM

Estimating R - either use Antonis's table or using phonetic features.



---------

we also include G deletion beads for cases where the AM failed to
detect a brief phone

epenthesis beads should be less expensive when the phon is short. can
we get durations?

mapping cost: a priori prob of having target, given graph. initially
0, perhaps

get replacement cost by phon similarity. there are 180 phons, we can
examine them

just fix the deletion cost

relate insertion cost to phon duration.  draw up the cost table
manually

example.  
i-i-E sh-S-s, o-o-oo 0-@ r-0

let word list be given. guessing at spelling is a different task

include a space deletion bead. it has no cost, its only purpose is to
make bead seq determine a unique word seq.

hard constraint: W consists of words in the wordlist

prediction: given P, find best bead sequence, read off W

alignment: given P, G, find best bead sequence


